I'm a debride I'm a reporter now I
always seem to find myself questioning
something the government may not be
looking at I found something really bad
I have been taking
look around in the world who do you see
a planet on the brink of collapse
human beings are disposable but man and
symbiote a mind this is a new race your
species the higher life-form
[Applause]
we cannot just hurt people
we have a deal so many time
to that power it's not completely awful
you have no idea how much you're scaring
me right now a wobbly
and you just might survive guys you do
not want to do this trust me
we'll always come at a cost
bleep you are relaxed and everybody to
face right up ahead you will be this
almost weightless faith with big review
rolling down the street
[Music]
oh I have a parasite yeah name is Chan
thank you for bringing us collectively
to this moment it is a moment it's so
many have dreamed of claiming history
starts today
the guy you work for is the evil person
I don't work for him
my friend works for me are you gonna
behave yourself tomorrow I totally get
more than my job I'm a reporter I follow
people that do not want to be followed
what about the allegations that you
recruit the most vulnerable for tests
that end up killing people you tell me
Joe finish mr. Bravo is that a threat
you had to learn how to hide in plain
sight
I'm pretty good at it but you
you suck whoever you are I work at a
Life Foundation and I need your help we
found something we call them symbiosis
Carleton Drake believes that the union
between human and symbiote is the key to
our evolution
don't anybody sick
I'm here boys
you're not real you were just in my head
I'm gonna need mr. Drake's property back
if you're gonna stay you will only hurt
bad people when I see it do whatever we
want do we have a deal
you really sacrifice
thing you hold most dear
you should be extremely afraid
what the hell are you we
our feet
[Music]